## **Acknowledgments**

Never in my wildest dreams did I imagine that the first and second editions of this book would get such a large audience. I received so many messages from readers, many asking questions, some kindly pointing out errata, and most sending me encouraging words. I cannot express how grateful I am to all these readers for their tremendous support. Thank you all so very much! Please do not hesitate to file issues on GitHub if you find errors in the code examples (or just to ask questions), or to submit errata if you find errors in the text. Some readers also shared how this book helped them get their first job, or how it helped them solve a concrete problem they were working on. I find such feedback incredibly motivating. If you find this book helpful, I would love it if you could share your story with me, either privately (e.g., via LinkedIn) or publicly (e.g., tweet me at @aureliengeron or write an Amazon review).

Huge thanks as well to all the wonderful people who offered their time and expertise to review this third edition, correcting errors and making countless suggestions. This edition is so much better thanks to them: Olzhas Akpambetov, George Bonner, François Chollet, Siddha Gangju, Sam Goodman, Matt Harrison, Sasha Sobran, Lewis Tunstall, Leandro von Werra, and my dear brother Sylvain. You are all amazing!

I am also very grateful to the many people who supported me along the way, by answering my questions, suggesting improvements, and contributing to the code on GitHub: in particular, Yannick Assogba, Ian Beauregard, Ulf Bissbort, Rick Chao, Peretz Cohen, Kyle Gallatin, Hannes Hapke, Victor Khaustov, Soonson Kwon, Eric Lebigot, Jason Mayes, Laurence Moroney, Sara Robinson, Joaquín Ruales, and Yuefeng Zhou.

This book wouldn't exist without O'Reilly's fantastic staff, in particular Nicole Taché, who gave me insightful feedback and was always cheerful, encouraging, and helpful: I could not dream of a better editor. Big thanks to Michele Cronin as well, who cheered me on through the final chapters and managed to get me past the finish line. Thanks to the whole production team, in particular Elizabeth Kelly and Kristen Brown. Thanks as well to Kim Cofer for the thorough copyediting, and to Johnny O'Toole, who managed the relationship with Amazon and answered many of my questions. Thanks to Kate Dullea for greatly improving my illustrations. Thanks to Marie Beaugureau, Ben Lorica, Mike Loukides, and Laurel Ruma for believing in this project and helping me define its scope. Thanks to Matt Hacker and all of the Atlas team for answering all my technical questions regarding formatting, AsciiDoc, MathML, and LaTeX, and thanks to Nick Adams, Rebecca Demarest, Rachel Head, Judith McConville, Helen Monroe, Karen Montgomery, Rachel Roumeliotis, and everyone else at O'Reilly who contributed to this book.

I'll never forget all the wonderful people who helped me with the first and second editions of this book: friends, colleagues, experts, including many members of the 

{26}------------------------------------------------

TensorFlow team. The list is long: Olzhas Akpambetov, Karmel Allison, Martin Andrews, David Andrzejewski, Paige Bailey, Lukas Biewald, Eugene Brevdo, William Chargin, François Chollet, Clément Courbet, Robert Crowe, Mark Daoust, Daniel "Wolff" Dobson, Julien Dubois, Mathias Kende, Daniel Kitachewsky, Nick Felt, Bruce Fontaine, Justin Francis, Goldie Gadde, Irene Giannoumis, Ingrid von Glehn, Vincent Guilbeau, Sandeep Gupta, Priya Gupta, Kevin Haas, Eddy Hung, Konstantinos Katsiapis, Viacheslav Kovalevskyi, Jon Krohn, Allen Lavoie, Karim Matrah, Grégoire Mesnil, Clemens Mewald, Dan Moldovan, Dominic Monn, Sean Morgan, Tom O'Malley, James Pack, Alexander Pak, Haesun Park, Alexandre Passos, Ankur Patel, Josh Patterson, André Susano Pinto, Anthony Platanios, Anosh Raj, Oscar Ramirez, Anna Revinskaya, Saurabh Saxena, Salim Sémaoune, Ryan Sepassi, Vitor Sessak, Jiri Simsa, Iain Smears, Xiaodan Song, Christina Sorokin, Michel Tessier, Wiktor Tomczak, Dustin Tran, Todd Wang, Pete Warden, Rich Washington, Martin Wicke, Edd Wilder-James, Sam Witteveen, Jason Zaman, Yuefeng Zhou, and my brother Sylvain.

Last but not least, I am infinitely grateful to my beloved wife, Emmanuelle, and to our three wonderful children, Alexandre, Rémi, and Gabrielle, for encouraging me to work hard on this book. Their insatiable curiosity was priceless: explaining some of the most difficult concepts in this book to my wife and children helped me clarify my thoughts and directly improved many parts of it. Plus, they keep bringing me cookies and coffee, who could ask for more?

{27}------------------------------------------------

{28}------------------------------------------------
